nxt_editor/integration/blender/README.md, before:

# Installation
**This is an experimental version of nxt_blender. Save early, save often.**   
This is a Blender addon for nxt. Note that it will access the internet to install.  
Please read all the steps below before starting.

_In some of our testing we found that we needed to install Python on 
the system inorder for Blender to be able to open the NXT editor. If you 
get strange import errors when you try to import `nxt_editor`, try 
installing Python (same version as Blender's) on your machine._

### By hand (if you're familiar with pip)
1. Locate the path to blenders Python interpreter
    - In Blender, you can run `sys.exec_prefix` to find the folder containing the Python executable
2. Open Terminal, CMD, ect. - Must have elevated permissions
3. Run: `/path/to/blender/python.exe -m pip install nxt-editor`
4. Start Blender
5. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
6. Click "Install" and select the `nxt_blender.py` file provided with this addon zip
7. To launch NXT navigate the newly created `NXT` menu and select `Open Editor`


### Automated
1. Launch Blender with elevated permissions
2. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
3. Click "Install" and select the `nxt_blender.py` file provided with this addon zip
4. Enable the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
5. Click `Install NXT dependencies`
   - It is recommended to open the console window before running the script, so you can see what's happening. Window > Toggle System Console.
   - The installation may take a minute or two, during this time Blender will be unresponsive.
6. Restart Blender
 
# Usage
- Ensure the `NXT Blender` addon is enabled
- To launch NXT navigate the newly created `NXT` menu and select `Open Editor`

# Updating
_These steps also require elevated permissions for Blender or the terminal._
### By hand (if you're familiar with pip)
1. In terminal or cmd run: `/path/to/blender/python.exe -m pip install -U nxt-editor nxt`
2. Restart Blender

### Automated
1. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
3. Locate the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
3. Click `Update NXT dependencies`
4. Restart Blender

_or_

1. Navigate to the NXT menu
2. Click `Update NXT`
3. Restart Blender

# Uninstall
_These steps also require elevated permissions for Blender or the terminal._
### By hand (if you're familiar with pip)
1. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
2. Locate the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
3. Click 'Remove'
1. In terminal or cmd run: `/path/to/blender/python.exe -m pip uninstall nxt-editor nxt -y`

### Automated
1. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
3. Locate the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
3. Click `Uninstall NXT dependencies`
3. When that finishes, click the 'Remove' button

Commit message:

* Updated and tested Blender Addon to support Blender 4.x

nxt_editor/integration/blender/README.md, after:

# Installation
**This is an experimental version of nxt_blender. Save early, save often.**   
This is a Blender addon for nxt. Note that it will access the internet to install.  
Please read all the steps below before starting.

_In some of our testing we found that we needed to install Python on 
the system inorder for Blender to be able to open the NXT editor. If you 
get strange import errors when you try to import `nxt_editor`, try 
installing Python (same version as Blender's) on your machine._

### By hand (if you're familiar with pip)
1. Locate the path to blenders Python interpreter
    - In Blender, you can run `sys.exec_prefix` to find the folder containing the Python executable
2. Open Terminal, CMD, ect. - Must have elevated permissions
3. Run: `/path/to/blender/python.exe -m pip install nxt-editor`
4. Start Blender
5. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
6. Click "Install" and select the `nxt_blender.py` file provided with this addon zip
7. To launch NXT navigate the newly created `NXT` menu and select `Open Editor`


### Automated
1. Launch Blender with elevated permissions
2. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
3. Click "Install" and select the `nxt_blender.py` file provided with this addon zip
   * In newer versions of Blender you need to click the small arrow on the top right and select "Install from Disk".
4. Enable the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
5. Click `Install NXT dependencies`
   - It is recommended to open the console window before running the script, so you can see what's happening. Window > Toggle System Console.
   - The installation may take a minute or two, during this time Blender will be unresponsive.
6. Restart Blender
 
# Usage
- Ensure the `NXT Blender` addon is enabled
- To launch NXT navigate the newly created `NXT` menu and select `Open Editor`

# Updating
_These steps also require elevated permissions for Blender or the terminal._
### By hand (if you're familiar with pip)
1. In terminal or cmd run: `/path/to/blender/python.exe -m pip install -U nxt-editor nxt`
2. Restart Blender

### Automated
1. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
3. Locate the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
3. Click `Update NXT dependencies`
4. Restart Blender

_or_

1. Navigate to the NXT menu
2. Click `Update NXT`
3. Restart Blender

# Uninstall
_These steps also require elevated permissions for Blender or the terminal._
### By hand (if you're familiar with pip)
1. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
2. Locate the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
3. Click 'Remove'
1. In terminal or cmd run: `/path/to/blender/python.exe -m pip uninstall nxt-editor nxt -y`

### Automated
1. Open the addon manager (Edit > Preferences > Add-ons)
3. Locate the `NXT Blender` and twirl down the addon preferences
3. Click `Uninstall NXT dependencies`
3. When that finishes, click the 'Remove' button
